here we have take as a pirate Jake what
do you think of this costume you like
your costume let's see the back of it oh
look kids you do you like the costume
buddy do you like this costume Jake take
are you still mad at mommy
human even look at me
Jake why do you hate the costume so much
why do you hate the costumes buddy pinky
look at mama
Jake I know you can hear me why are you
so angry take them here come here buddy
come on
ah yes you can move or done with the
pictures do you like your costumes huh
not really you know like the costumes
buddy let's see one more time take let's
see one more time come to mama
J II will take that costume off in a
second come here buddy
Jake does make him come over here
Jake will try the piggy went on nuts now
be a piggy we'll take the pirate costume
all day he come here just a costume you
don't have to be so hot Jake come here
buddy
really he is really pissed
good job buddy you look awesome I love
the costume